hi everyone its Luci and today we're
gonna look more at the TOEFL listening
test and specifically in this lesson
we're looking at lecture skill eight
function now in this lesson first we're
going to describe the task
NIC's we're going to look at the method
and finally it's time for you to do some
practice on your own so the purpose of
this lesson is to understand exactly how
to complete the listening function
question type okay so how exactly do we
do this particular task well let's take
a look now in this task you need to
identify the function of a particular
phrase now what they mean by function is
why did they say what they said okay so
let's look at our method now as always
our first step is going to be to listen
and take notes
remember that note-taking is incredibly
important for the TOEFL test and when
you're taking your notes you want to
keep them short and sweet don't waste
your time writing full sentences instead
you want to just jot down the key words
and key ideas okay now if you don't
already make sure you have a pen and
paper ready because we're going to
listen to the lecture okay are you ready
here is the lecture whether your ethnic
background is a factor for determining
your IQ has always been one of the most
controversial questions regarding
intelligence however the scientific
community seems to agree on the
heritability of intelligence we can see
much disagreement among scientists over
whether racial differences could be
responsible for our IQ scores the
inherent relationship between race and
intelligence has always been the subject
of debate not only within scientific
communities but equally in the academic
research as well the part of controversy
is centered on the definition of
intelligence and whether IQ testing is a
proper way to measure it believe it or
not there are people who believe that
intelligence may depend on the racial
background while others believe that it
could be something else which influences
the intelligence and the debate goes on
okay so hopefully you were able to get
some notes that are helpful for you
let's
take a look at our own sample notes so
you can see here that they've certainly
kept the notes short and sweet now some
steps that you can use some tricks
things like abbreviations notice they
have ethnic BG well BG is background
they have ppl for people or intelligence
is shortened to just Intel alright
use whatever system works best for you
now our next step is to read the
question and listen to the sentence
again so remember in this function part
of the listening test you have to listen
to one particular word or phrase and
understand why they said what they said
so let's take a look at the sentence and
the question believe it or not there are
people who believe that intelligence may
depend on the racial background
okay so our next step is going to be to
eliminate any answers that are obviously
wrong so you want to think about why
they said what they said what's the
function and get rid of any answers that
obviously don't match so let's look at
our question again okay so once we've
eliminated any wrong answer choices
obviously our next step is to try to
find the answer
now before I find the answer go back
make sure you have an answer of your own
so let's take a look we want to choose
the answer that best matches why the
speaker said what they said and so
what's our answer it is d he finds it
unbelievable that some people think race
can determine intelligence okay
fantastic hopefully that went well for
you because now it's time for you to do
your own practice as I said before if
you don't already get a pen and paper
ready because remember that our first
step is going to be to listen and take
notes okay are you ready
here is your practice lecture I'm going
to talk to you today about the
beginnings of the Greek experience as
far as we know it and I should warn you
at once that the further back in history
you go the less secure is your knowledge
especially at the beginning of our talk
today when you are in a truly
prehistoric period this is before
there's any written evidence from the
period in which you are interested so
what we think we know derives chiefly
from archaeological evidence which is
before writing mute evidence that has to
be interpreted and is very complicated
and is far from secure even a question
such as a date which is so critical for
historians is really quite approximate
it is subject to controversy as is just
about every single thing I will tell you
for the next few days these will be even
more than usual subject to controversy
even the most fundamental things so what
you'll be hearing are approximations as
best we can make them of what
going on okay now it's time for you to
use those notes to take a look at the
question and you're going to have to
listen to part of the lecture again in
order to answer this question so let's
take a look at our question even a
question such as a date which is so
critical for historians is really quite
approximate it is subject to controversy
as is just about every single thing I
will tell you for the next few days
you
okay so were you able to eliminate any
obviously wrong answer choices were you
able to choose the correct answer okay
let's find out what the correct answer
is and the correct answer is C to
support the assertion that the study of
ancient history can be inaccurate okay
so how did you go with your own practice
hopefully you went well if not take some
time do some more practice work on those
note-taking skills and thank you so much
for watching remember that if you have
any questions don't be afraid to check
out our website at eetu language comm
thank you again and see you next time
bye